[CRICKETS CHIRPING]
[SLOW, HEAVY BREATHING]
[LEAVES CRUNCHING UNDERFOOT]
[SLOW, HEAVY
BREATHING CONTINUES]
[♪♪♪♪♪]
[WOODEN BOARDS CREAKING]
[DOORBELL RINGS]
Hey, there. Sorry to
bother you, folks,
but, uh, we're looking
for an individual.
Golden-brown complexion.
15 pounds.
No head.
I know where he is.
I'll even serve him up on
a silver platter for you.
Now get in here.
I'm glad to see you finally
out of your man cave.
Well, you know, Amanda
can be pretty convincing
when she wants to be.
Hey, babe. Eric's here.
ERIC: Hey, Amanda.
Well, well, well, well.
You made it. Yeah.
[CELL PHONE RINGING]
MITCH: Sorry.
Thomas. One second.
[AMANDA GROANS]
I baked this for you. I
couldn't eat it by myself.
It would just be too depressing.
Wow.
You baked this?
Yeah, you know,
for a single guy,
I know my way around the oven.
Ah... A guy in uniform
who knows how to bake.
I have a feeling you're not
gonna be single for long.
Come on. You remember
my mom, right?
Hey, Mom, remember
Eric? WOMAN: Oh, hey.
ERIC: Happy Thanksgiving.
Uh, do you want any
or...? [LAUGHING]: No, no.
Jeans and a sweater?
You could at least
make an effort.
Casual's more my
thing, Kathleen.
Especially in my own house.
Don't you mean "our house"
now? [INDISTINCT CHATTERING]
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
JESSICA: Hi, Dad.
Happy Thanksgiving.
Oh, thank God
you're back, Thomas.
Thought we'd be eating
a frozen turkey dinner.
[CHUCKLING] This guy.
Sorry, Rob. Yeah,
this is the first time
the store's open
on Thanksgiving.
You know, we always do the,
uh, midnight Black Friday,
but people were showing up
at 6:00 p.m. anyway, so...
And you're a smart man, Thomas.
Yeah, well, credit my
beautiful fiancée over there.
It was her idea.
Well, from what
I've been hearing
about the turnout,
it is going to be
a very happy
Thanksgiving. [SMOOCHES]
AMANDA: Here we go.
[OTHERS EXCLAIMING]
ERIC: Oh, that's
beautiful. Yes.
[SINGSONGY]: Mitch, we
need your carving skills.
I've got time to carve
it but not to eat it.
GRANDMA: Oh, what? Thomas
is not making you work.
Blame Bob.
Apparently, he's AWOL.
Thomas called and said it's
me working or I'm fired.
Oh, sorry, buddy.
Aw! The store
shouldn't even be open.
It's Thanksgiving.
I know, Mary, but
let's face it.
Black Friday starts
on a Thursday now.
Even in Plymouth. [GRUNTS]
[CLAMORING] [CAR
HORNS HONKING]
Hey, Bon Jovi, why don't
you get to the back
of the fucking line,
okay? Yeah, suck my dick!
We were here first.
Hey, everybody.
Just fucking calm down.
Two hits. I hit you,
you hit the ground, kid!
What the fuck?!
Jesus, everybody, be patient!
LONNIE: Hey, fuck you!
Let us in, or you'll be a
patient in Mass General.
MANNY: What the fuck is
wrong with you people?
Fucking funny, eh?
The store opens in ten minutes.
You'll get your waffle iron!
Xanax? No, you
got a fire hose?
["JINGLE BELLS" INSTRUMENTAL
PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS]
[CHIMING] MAN
[OVER P.A.]: Todd,
I need you at the register.
Thank you.
[CLAMORING]
Bunch of goddamn morons.
["JINGLE BELLS" INSTRUMENTAL
CONTINUES PLAYING]
When Kathleen sold
my dad this house,
I didn't realize she
was coming with it.
BOBBY: She'll never be able
to replace your mom, Jess.
[SOFTLY]: Yeah.
BOBBY: And look
at it this way.
It was a quick engagement,
so hopefully it'll
be a quick divorce.
Please, God.
[BOTH CHUCKLING]
[HORN HONKS IN DISTANCE]
[MUFFLED HIP-HOP MUSIC PLAYING]
Oh. Let's go.
Dad, we're going to the
movies. Have fun. Uh, Bobby,
I want to hear about
that 19-strikeout game
against UCLA, when you get back.
Deal, Thomas. Good
night, everyone.
Scuba invited Yulia.
He's into her.
[HIP-HOP MUSIC PLAYING]
Got it. I'll gas him up.
[CHUCKLES]: Okay.
["CRUNK AIN'T DEAD"
BY DUKE DEUCE PLAYING]
Bobby. Bobby Boucher.
Bobby "Golden Arm"
home for Thanksgiving,
and my ride or die,
J-Money. What up, dawg?
I heard you're the
new Friday Night guy.
Ah, I'd better be, with a
96-mile-per-hour fastball.
[ENGINE REVVING]
Evan, you are
such a dick. What?
Yo, nice job beating Hanover.
Scuba, I heard you
were unstoppable.
Thanks, man. It was
a pretty good night
until Tyson Fury over here
almost got us
locked the fuck up.
Classic Evan. JESSICA:
Why? What happened?
We got in a run-in with
some drunk Hanover assholes.
SCUBA: Fuck Hanover.
I popped one of them
in the eye, but this
one was too busy
filming herself to get
some fucking footage.
Shit would've broke
the Internets.
You are lucky I didn't
film that, okay?
It was, like, Waffle
House-level cringe.
It was bad. [OTHERS EXCLAIM]
♪ Crunk ain't dead, crunk ain't
dead, crunk ain't dead... ♪
Fuck Hanover!
Fuck Hanover! Fuck Hanover!
[CHANTING CONTINUES MUFFLED]
[CAR HORNS HONKING]
[CROWD CLAMORING]
This fucking traffic
is ridiculous.
Oh, I can't handle this shit.
[LAUGHTER] Yo.
Pit stop. I need a new phone.
Mine got fucking
smashed in the fight.
We're not going to
the store. It's a zoo.
Whoa, no, no, no, yes, we are,
'cause Evan owes
me a new lipstick.
Thank you. Don't
worry, don't worry...
What? BOBBY: Guys, I thought
we were going to the
movies. Yeah, we-we are.
We are. How am I gonna text
during the movie
without a phone?
Who are you texting?
["OH SHIT!" BY THE
PHARCYDE PLAYING]
ALL: ♪ Oh... shit! ♪
♪ Oh, shit! ♪
MAN: Hey! Wrong way, asshole!
[HORN HONKS] Hey!
♪ Oh, shit! ♪
[MUSIC STOPS]
JESSICA: Guys, we need
to do this quick, okay?
Five minutes. In and
out. YULIA: Go, go.
EVAN: Stealth
mission, I promise.
JESSICA: You can't
park your car here.
EVAN: It's not a
car, it's an SUV.
Hey, babe, c-can I
just stay here, please?
Please don't make me
do this alone. I...
MAN: Bobby, can
I get a selfie?
Hey, one-one second.
I'll be right back.
Hey, man. What's up? Yo.
Bobby, Bobby, we have to move.
Yeah, yeah, one
second, one second.
Bobby "Golden Arm,"
all-time record holder
for strikeouts at
Plymouth East! Yes, sir.
[OVERLAPPING CHATTER] [SIGHS]
RYAN: Hey, Jess. Hey.
This is, like, the last place
I thought I'd see you tonight.
Yeah, you and me both.
Your dad's store is
insane right now.
Look at all these people.
Um, sorry, Ryan, I-I have to
catch up with my friends.
Oh, I'll walk you.
Come on. Come on.
So, uh, what are you
doing Saturday night?
Going to the Cap with Bobby.
All right, well...
Uh, excuse me...
I'm having a little
get-together with my friends...
Excuse me... and, uh, you
know, if you wanted to come by,
it's just gonna be
like a couple people...
I can't. Bobby's only in
town till Monday, so...
You should just swing by early.
We could, like, play
some drinking games,
have a good time, you
know. I got some kegs.
She's all set, Ryan.
Come on. Let's go.
JESSICA: Excuse me.
[SCOFFS, SNIFFS]
Chill out, he's just helping.
Oh, what a gentleman. [SCOFFS]
Face it.
As long as Golden Arm's
around, you're toast.
Scott. Scott. Burnt. Toast.
Shut the fuck up, Scott.
Burnt soggy toast.
I love you, dude, but I'm
gonna fucking kill you.
Mm, try your best.
Want to open that gate
for us, gentlemen?
Excuse me, excuse me.
Here, Amanda, get in here.
Oh, my God.
Good evening. Good
evening, Sheriff.
Jesus Christ.
[CLAMORING] Fuck you.
This is insane.
Yeah. Let's go in
the back. Okay.
Hey!
Hey, you! We got some
unfinished business, you fuck!
EVAN: Oh, fuck, that's the
guy from Hanover I punched.
Fuck you!
BOTH: Suck my cock!
Pussy.
Hey, fuck you!
Fuck your mom, fucking pussies!
Yo, Lonnie, where's your mom at?
-Hey!
That's what I thought!
Fuck your cousin,
your second cousin
and fuck your dog!
Let's just get what you
need and get out of here.
In and out, I promise.
[CLAMORING CONTINUES]
MANNY: Hey, hey, hey, hey!
Why are you fucking letting
those fucking jerkoffs in there?
Hello? I fucking see you.
It's Thanks-fucking-giving!
It's an American holiday!
Come on, man.
It's a pizza oven.
Where do you think it
goes? MAN: Sorry, Mitch.
Ten minutes, people.
Please, come on.
Hi. Surprise. Hey.
Hey, babe. What
are you doing here?
I came in with Eric.
I didn't want you to starve
on Thanksgiving. Yeah.
I got a call on the radio
about needing some
crowd control. Uh, yeah.
In fact, you should
probably wait in here, okay?
Okay. Are you okay?
Yeah. We should... Yeah?
We should go. Be careful.
["JOY TO THE WORLD"
INSTRUMENTAL PLAYING]
Fucking guy Lonnie's
30 years old.
Dude, he's just mad
He got held back
I took his mom to
prom. Two years
and she gave me a handy. And
he's dating a cheerleader.
Hey, Jess, does your dad
still sell shock collars?
Or a tranquilizer?
Or a sedative?
EVAN: This is like in the
fucking apocalypse movies...
Evan. ...where you could
take anything you want.
Evan!
EVAN: Scuba. JESSICA: Come on.
EVAN: You know what
time it is, boys. Guys.
Let's go. Fletcher...
GABY: Oh, my God, here we go.
to Dybing! What happened
to stealth mission?
Come on.
The store will open
in ten minutes.
Fucking Christ! Just
stay calm, take a breath.
Everybody's gonna get
their Furbies, all right?
Oh, yeah? Why the fuck did
they get in there first?
Who? This is fucking bullshit!
LIZZIE: They're getting
dibs on all the good shit.
Oh, fuck me. [CONTINUES
INDISTINCTLY]
Those are our fucking Furbies.
Mitch, what the
hell are you doing?
I didn't let them in.
You think I let them
in? Come on, man.
LIZZIE: What are they
doing in there, man?
You fucking better let
us in right fucking now.
All right, everybody,
just stay calm please.
Fuck you! Just push back
and stay calm, everybody.
Doug, lock it up. Now. Yeah.
MITCH: Guys,
nobody's getting in.
We're locking the
doors. [CLAMORING]
[♪♪♪♪♪]
Stay calm and back up!
We need you to push
back a little bit.
Hold this for me. Fuck
you, bitch. Hey, hey.
Hey, store's open,
everyone. Hey, give me that.
We need backup
immediately! [CLAMORING]
LONNIE: Step right up, get
your fucking waffle irons!
[CLAMORING]
[INDISTINCT SHOUTING]
Hold up. [GRUNTING]
MITCH: Manny, I need help!
[CLAMORING]
[POUNDING ON GLASS]
[POUNDING CONTINUES]
YULIA: Oh, my God.
Dude. The fuck is happening?
What the fuck is going on?
[CLAMORING]
Fuck this shit!
MITCH: Manny!
Manny, help! Fuck!
MITCH: Where the
fuck are you going?
[CLAMORING]
Hey, back the fuck
up, back the fuck up.
Open the door. They're
gonna get crushed. Open it.
You have to open the door.
You have to get to Mitch.
Get Mitch, Doug. You
have to get to him.
Okay, yeah, I'll open
it. AMANDA: Oh, my God.
Jess, Jess, call your dad.
Jess, call your dad right
now. Give me your phone.
Yo, open the door! Give
me your fucking phone.
They're gonna get crushed.
Open the fucking door.
What are you doing?
Open the fucking door!
Yeah, yeah, okay. Yeah, yeah.
Just gotta find the key.
Looking for the key.
Open the door! Bobby?
SCUBA: Open the fucking door.
DOUG: Hold on, calm down.
What is wrong with
you? Stop shoving.
Get off of me! Shit!
Fuck off! Fuck off!
[CLAMORING]
Back the fuck up! What the...?
[CRACKLING] [DOUG WHIMPERING]
Oh, fuck, back the fuck
up! Back the fuck up!
[SCREAMING]
[CLAMORING]
Go. Go. Oh, my God.
[SCREAMS]
[WHIMPERING]
Fucking move.
Lonnie, grab it!
Get off, that's my
fucking waffle iron!
[SCREAMING]
This is fucking gold.
This is fucking crazy.
Gaby, wait...
It's all right. Jesus Christ.
[WHIMPERING, SCREAMS]
[CRIES OUT]
It's fucking insane!
Evan, what the fuck?
You're gonna fucking die!
No, it's fine. Stay
there. Get the fuck down!
EVAN: What the fuck?
Evan! Evan!
EVAN: Oh, shit! Oh,
shit! Evan, get down!
[GRUNTING]
Fuck you!
[CLAMORING]
[♪♪♪♪♪]
MAN: Got to be hundreds
more in the back!
["DECK THE HALLS"
INSTRUMENTAL PLAYING]
[GRUNTING, SCREAMING]
Move! Get the fuck
out of the way!
Yulia! No. Move!
Get the fuck...
Jess.
He's alive. [MOANING]
Hey! Hey, I'm coming!
No, Bobby. Bobby.
Hey. [GRUNTS]
[MOANING]
Hey! Bobby!
Bobby! Bobby! [SCREAMING]
Oh, fuck! Fuck!
[CLAMORING]
[GASPING]
[WHIMPERING]
[GRUNTING]
[WHIMPERS]
Fuck you! What the fuck?
You fuckstick!
Stop it, stop it.
You know, you're
a fucking Muppet!
You Jim Henson motherfucker!
Go back to Fraggle
Rock! [AMANDA GASPING]
Nice jacket, you
Michael Jackson,
you fucking pussy licker!
[MAN GROWLS] Fuck you.
Amanda! Amanda!
No. No. No, no, no, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no, no, Amanda, no.
No.
Amanda, look at me.
[SOBBING] Amanda.
Somebody help me!
Please help me!
[CLAMORING]
Oh, my God.
[SOBBING]
[CLAMORING]
Oh! Oh, fuck!
Stop!
[GUNSHOT ECHOING]
[CLAMORING]
[CASH REGISTER RINGING]
Evan, get the fuck down!
EVAN: This is fucking
gold. You suck!
GABY: Evan, help me!
Evan, help me! Get the...
EVAN: Oh, my God. Holy
shit. What the fuck?
That was crazy. Evan,
get the fuck down.
EVAN: I've never fucking seen
something like this in my life.
[AIR HORN BLASTING]
[♪♪♪♪♪]
CROWD [CHANTING ON TV]: It's
Thanksgiving, not Thanksbuying!
REPORTER: I'm live
here at Right Mart
and although the
store has announced
they will have substantial
security upgrades
for Thanksgiving,
many residents feel after last
year's catastrophic events,
the store shouldn't
be open at all.
Thomas Wright, you
and your entire family
have blood on your hands.
My wife's blood.
We open for Thanksgiving, you
only hire two security guards?
One of whom runs away and the
other is trampled to death
in the same stampede
that killed my wife.
You and your entire family
need to go to prison.
Not have another sale!
MORTON: Right Mart
owner, Thomas Wright,
has worked overtime
since last year
to give back to the community,
restoring Plymouth Park
and even going so far
as to start the Wright
Family Foundation,
sending local kids to college.
But many say it's not enough.
Local pitching
phenom Bobby Di Stasi
suffered a career-ending injury
and has not been heard
from since the accident.
Many lawsuits were
filed and settled,
but the security cameras
somehow weren't working
the night of the tragedy.
All I know is the cameras were
functioning perfectly fine
when I arrived.
Then they mysteriously
stopped working
the one night there's an
actual disaster at the store.
How convenient.
MORTON: Thanks, Mitch.
Reporting live, Hank Morton
at the Right Mart in
downtown Plymouth.
Chet, Natalie, back to you.
And here you go. [CHUCKLING]
Happy Thanksgiving. Yeah.
[ENTRY BELL JINGLING]
Good morning, Sheriff.
You want the usual?
Two cups today, Lizzie.
New deputy's coming.
Oh, well, he was
in here yesterday
and, uh, he's not
much for conversation.
Yeah. A real charmer.
Probably just overwhelmed
by the thriving metropolis
that is Plymouth.
♪ Whoa, oh, oh, chills... ♪
[HORN HONKING]
What the fuck?
Fuck you.
This fish. It's organic.
Oh, you know, all the
lobsters from the north...
Here he is. Good morning.
Good morning,
Sheriff. Welcome.
And here you are.
[ERIC LAUGHS]
It's John Carver.
He was the first...
First governor of
New Plymouth colony.
Look at you. You've been doing
your homework there, Labelle.
Well, if you call reading a
plaque on a statue homework.
Oh, now, come on,
show some enthusiasm.
Thanksgiving is an
institution here.
What kid wouldn't want
to wear that, right?
Yeah, get used to it.
Everybody's gonna
be wearing them.
Yeah. I can get used to it.
♪ But then I bury
the hatchet. ♪
EVAN: Yes!
Let's go.
What-what are you doing?
Kid, what are you doing?
I just hit top two rungs.
That means you get to go again.
Somebody keeps tagging
me in the video.
Yeah, they're tagging me, too.
God. I'm gonna report it.
Yeah, but people
keep reposting it.
You think someone's
doing it on purpose?
Dude, I just won
this candy apple.
I hit the bull's-eye like
three times in a row.
Awesome. Good job, babe.
What?
What is it? What did I do now?
[OVER PHONE]: Evan, get
the fuck down! This.
EVAN: This is fucking gold.
I thought we were past
this. Yeah, so did I.
Well, fuck this. I'm
going back to the axe pit.
It's safer there.
Ev, I'm sorry.
I wasn't the only one
with a phone that night.
I know you didn't post it.
Come on, come on.
Ugh. I have to go to
the John Carver house
to film that stupid
commercial with my dad.
I'm making my
grandmother's stuffing.
Her secret ingredient
was a touch of eggplant.
I only hope I can make it
half as good as hers, though.
Oh, I'm sure you'll make an
excellent dinner, Kathleen.
Hey, Jessica. Hey.
So, you ready for your big
moment in the limelight?
Oh, yeah. Already wrote
my acceptance speech.
Ah, I have mine
ready, too. [CHUCKLES]
Yours?
Didn't your father tell you?
He wants a family
commercial this year.
Look at it this way: One
more year until college.
How am I supposed to have
an answer? I don't...
I can't fucking believe this!
I don't have an answer,
Stan. I have no idea
what in the hell
just happened. Huh.
ERIC: Don't know
what he's doing.
THOMAS: It's now just
a complete disaster.
What's going on?
You got to see this.
[♪♪♪♪♪]
This is a fucking disaster.
The whole commercial's ruined.
I've been screaming at
everybody the whole morning.
Okay, guys, back up.
I got to call this in.
Yeah, a historical
landmark has been trashed.
THOMAS: What?
Yeah, whatever. That, too.
I got to shut this place down.
I catch these guys,
I'm gonna prosecute
them for vandalism.
[LINE RINGING] Uh,
yeah, and theft.
Because there was an axe on
that wall I was gonna use.
It's gone.
Come to Right Mart,
where we slash prices...
without a fucking axe!
My commercial's ruined.
You look relieved.
Yeah.
I'm tired of pretending
like everything's
normal when it's not.
Well, hey, Jess, I want things
to go back to normal, too.
That's why this year's
gonna be everything
last year was supposed to be.
Dad...
Having another sale
like nothing happened
doesn't change anything.
It just ignores it.
[MOUTHING]
And as usual, we can't
have one moment alone.
Hey. Hey.
[RATTLING]
I'm good. Very good.
How are things
going with Jessica?
Dude, they're amazing.
She invited me to the
parade to be on the float,
and then I scored an invite
to Thanksgiving dinner
with her family at her
house. I feel like I'm in.
Bobby ghosting her is the best
thing that ever happened to me.
Nicely played.
[SIGHS]
Is this good?
♪ I know what boys like... ♪
McCarty Party. That is
where you want to be.
You look like you enjoy
alcohol and drinking,
so you're gonna want to come
down to the McCarty party.
25 whole dollars. Hey.
You guys want tickets
to McCarty Party?
I can do a group rate.
He's charging this year? Yeah.
He's been watching a
lot of "Shark Tank."
Dude thinks he's Mark Cuban.
No, thank you.
Selling alcohol to teens
isn't exactly disrupting.
No, but it is a
recession-proof business.
Let me know if you
guys want tickets.
They're selling out
quick. How about you
finish my fucking history paper,
and then we'll talk tickets?
Sure. SCUBA:
You're an asshole.
GABY: You're such...
Be nicer to him.
EVAN: Listen, listen.
GABY: He's a sweetie.
Gabs. EVAN: I paid him
a pretty decent sum of money.
What? I can't write papers and
play football at the same time.
Are you kidding? It's Bobby.
Oh, shit. He's back.
Wait, why didn't he
come talk to you?
I don't know. I haven't talked
to him in, like, a year.
GABY: Yeah, that's
definitely him.
[PHONES CHIMING]
I don't think so.
♪ I know what boys like ♪
♪ I know what's
on their mind... ♪
YULIA: "The table is set"?
This is weird.
YULIA: No, it's-it's a fake.
He has no followers.
EVAN: Ooh, it's a table.
GABY: We're all tagged.
Mm, Ryan's here.
Evan. [SPEAKS INDISTINCTLY]
Can you at least try and
seem like you're not a dick?
EVAN: I'm nice to him.
Okay? Ryan's fine.
He just... [STAMMERS]
He's harmless, like an NPC.
But...
he messes with
the group dynamic.
Okay. GABY: Just be nicer.
For me. Okay. I
just have nothing
to talk about with the guy.
He's just, like...
He's kind of boring.
Well, maybe if you made
a bit of an effort.
I mean, he's a good guy.
Good guy.
Well, he hasn't just
ghosted me yet, so...
he's frontrunner.
[ENTRY BELL JINGLES]
[YULIA & SCUBA CHUCKLING]
SCUBA [COUGHS]: NPC.
Hey. Walks like a robot.
Talks like a robot.
What's up, everyone? Ryan!
Hey!
How you doing? Hello!
Hi, Gab. Good to see
you. Good to see you.
You finish your paper?
[GROANS] Barely.
I had to start another
one today, and I got...
I'm gonna just... I'm gonna
be swamped until Christmas,
let's just say that.
[CHUCKLES SOFTLY]
That's crazy, bro.
Oh, excuse me. We're
ready to order.
This isn't Right Mart, honey.
You actually have to
wait your turn here.
SCUBA: Ooh, she told you.
Someone's in
trouble. She told us.
[CHATTERING] Uh, so,
what-what are you guys
doing for the
Pats-Steelers game?
Probably watching at my place.
RYAN: That sounds fun.
You can totally do that.
Or...
you could watch it with
me on the 50-yard line.
Wait. SCUBA: What's up? Yo.
Bro, are you serious?
I swear. Hey...
Oh, my God. Hoo-hoo-hoo!
RYAN: Yes, sir.
That's what's up.
Scuba, you know me.
Jess, brownie points.
[QUIETLY]: Very sweet.
I-I like this guy.
EVAN: This guy.
[CONTINUES INDISTINCTLY]
All right.
Are you shits ready to order?
GABY: Yes. Uh, can I
do the vanilla frappe?
All right. You want jimmies
on it? Extra jimmies.
RYAN: Garlic knots
for the table?
EVAN: Garlic knots. This
isn't Papa Gino's, kids.
GABY: Evan, get the fuck down!
EVAN: This is fucking gold.
[GRINDING]
[CRICKETS CHIRPING]
[SIGHS]
[♪♪♪♪♪]
[CHUCKLES SOFTLY]
[SIGHS]
[GRUNTS]
[SCREAMING]
[MUFFLED SCREAMING]
[SCREAMING CONTINUES]
[SCREAMING]
[LOCK CLICKS]
[PANTING, WHIMPERING]
Fuck. No. No!
[FOOTSTEPS DEPARTING]
[ENTRY BELL JINGLES]
[LOCK CLICKS]
[♪♪♪♪♪]
[GULPS]
[GRUNTS]
Where are my fucking keys?
Where are my fucking
keys, goddamn it?!
Fuck.
[ENGINE STARTING] Fuck.
[SCREAMING]
Motherfucker!
Watch out. Here we go.
Here we go. Watch out, sir.
Oh, my God.
Cover that body! Cover that up.
[♪♪♪♪♪]
[SCHOOL BELL RINGING]
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
EVAN: Yo, Jacob.
Step into my office.
Uh-huh.
What's with the shades?
I had a late night. Huh.
What were you doing?
Well, I had two essays to write.
I'll hook you up next week.
You said that last month.
Yeah, Ms. Byers better
eat this shit up, okay?
Trust me, Evan,
she couldn't have
written it better herself.
Okay.
You're the man.
Mm. Yeah. Brainiac.
Eat shit. [PHONE BUZZING]
[SIGHS]
Oh, fuck!
Guys, John Carver
tagged us again.
[GASPS] Oh, fuck.
EVAN: Look.
Oh, my God.
These seats are for us.
Our names are at the table.
[SIREN CHIRPS] OFFICER:
Stay behind the line.
Oh, Sheriff, what happened?
Is this killing connected
to what happened at Right Mart?
Can we get this pushed
back a little bit?
Am I walking on anything?
What do you got for me?
Guys are going through
security footage inside.
Inside? Sheriff.
Sheriff, can you
tell us anything...
Can you get these
guys out of the way?
Pete.
We found this where
the killer broke in.
What is this?
I think it's brick.
Or pieces of brick. Right.
Labelle, you've met
Detective Chu, yeah?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, we met.
Come take a look at this.
Brick.
We got the killer
on security cam,
and you're not gonna
believe what he's wearing.
CHU: Cameras at Right
Mart caught the same guy
lowering her legs onto
the sign from the roof.
It's just like
you said, Sheriff.
Everyone in town's
wearing them. Yeah.
THOMAS [OVER PHONE]:
Jess, you know me.
I will not be bullied by
some freaking lunatic.
The store is staying open,
and I'm hiring extra security.
But, honey, I need you to get
to the sheriff's office now.
I know. We're going now.
Okay, but just ask anyone
who was there that night
to go talk to them.
Okay, okay. Bye. I love you.
He's hiring additional security.
GABY: But not
closing the store.
Correct. That
would make sense.
Wait. Wait, are you serious?
Did your dad not see
this guy tagged us?
Is he waiting for us to
be on a fucking display
in front of his store?
I'm asking him right now.
Why? Scuba, don't.
Why the fuck not?
He gonna tag me,
I'm gonna send that motherfucker
a DM. Come get me, bitch.
Don't slide into
the killer's DMs.
Scuba, please, just
hold off, okay?
It's a murder case
in my dad's store.
We can't just fuck around.
Fuck around and find out.
EVAN: Fuck around and find
out. SCUBA: That's right.
He'll see what happens.
[TIRES SCREECHING]
Are you crazy, McCarty?
Come on, princess.
I wouldn't hit you.
You know how much
paperwork the cops
would make me fill out?
McCarty, are you back
to finish tenth grade?
I just thought, you know,
in light of the
current situation,
you might want a
little "protection."
Courtesy of my old man's store.
McCarty, only you
would have the balls
to sell guns at a high school.
I should kick your
ass right here.
Come on, Mark Cuban would
think I'm a fucking genius:
Everyone gets a
gun, problem solved.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Easy, Scooby snacks.
Jesus, I'm only kidding.
I wouldn't sell guns to kids.
I'm selling alcohol.
And right now I gotta meet
that little farthead Jacob
to sell him some more
McCarty Party tickets.
All right, McCarty. Okay.
Sales are going
through the roof.
SCUBA: Fuck off, McCarty.
No one's coming to that.
You guys should come
YULIA: You're a creep.
It's the only place in
town you won't get killed.
[BELL TOLLING]
I could really use
your help, Jessica.
Uh, okay, what can I do?
CHU: We've exhausted
pretty much every resource
to identify people, but anyone
involved with that night
could be in serious danger.
I knew I shouldn't have
let them in the store.
Detective, can you
give us a moment? Yes.
EVAN: If you look closely,
you can see all our names.
And-and then it's kind of
blurry, it says "Scuba."
Why do they call you Scuba?
My last name's Dybing.
What's your first name?
Claude.
Yeah, Scuba's better.
Jessica, you know, I
don't know what happened
with those cameras last year,
but at this point,
I don't care.
Because I understand you're
in a difficult situation.
But I know you want
to do the right thing.
So if you know something,
anything that can help us
with the information
on that night,
I promise I'll
keep it between us.
Because this is a matter
of life and death.
[♪♪♪♪♪]
BOBBY: Jess.
Saw you at the Cap yesterday.
No. I got in this morning.
You working for
your uncle again?
I'm helping out
while I'm in town.
Well, I'm sure I'll
see you around.
Hey, Jess, wait.
I'm sorry.
Can I walk with you?
[VOICE-OVER]: I
mean, you ghosted me.
You're off social media.
You deleted every
trace of yourself.
I ghosted everybody.
Yeah, but I'm not everybody.
I was your girlfriend.
I blamed you for
what happened to me,
and instead of just
telling you about it,
I vanished, like a dick.
I feel so stupid
now, but I just...
Bobby, I feel horrible.
If I hadn't let you
guys in... No, don't.
Don't. It-it was my decision.
I could have stayed outside.
It's not your fault.
How's your arm?
I mean, rehab's going great,
so I might get back up to
full-speed pitching again.
Golden Arm. Yeah.
That's good. I'm
happy to hear it.
Hey. What is it?
Nothing.
You know, I'm still your
friend. You can trust me.
That night, after
the trampling,
Kathleen was in a
panic, ranting about
bad publicity and
getting sued, and...
[SIGHS]
she went into the security room
and deleted all the footage.
She asked me not
to say anything,
and I didn't stop her.
There's nothing you can
do about it now, so...
That's the thing.
Maybe there is.
Look, there's a backup
system at my house
in my dad's office.
Jess, that's probably long gone.
No, it stores the
footage for a year.
Then tell your dad
you need it, and then,
given the circumstances,
he prob... No, no, no, no.
With the lawsuits, no way.
He's pretending like
it doesn't exist.
Well, what do you want to do?
I want to see what's on it.
Thanks for talking.
Yeah. It was really nice.
Oh, no, don't turn
around. It's Ryan Baker.
I'll get rid of him.
Hi, babe. Hi.
How you doing? All
right? Yeah, yeah, fine.
Did you, um, give
your statement?
Yeah, I did, but they
were just looking to
identify people, and I didn't
know anybody except Scott,
so I didn't have
much to offer.
How you doing, Bobby?
Well, I'm sorry to
break up this reunion,
but, uh, Bobby, could
I see you in my office?
This is new.
Yep. A lot's changed
since you left.
Looks like it.
All right, let's
get out of here.
MORTON [ON TV]:
Still no suspects
in the brutal murder of local
waitress Lizzie McMullan.
Authorities have no
clues other than cryptic
social media posts,
leaving many residents to wonder
who will be the next
victim of John Carver.
Hey, Dewey. [MEOWS]
Hey, buddy, Daddy's going
on a little vacation.
All right? Going down to
the Dominican Republic,
and Gina's gonna come
down her, all right.
[PHONE BUZZING] You
just chill, buddy.
Who the fuck is...
Hey. Yeah. [MAN
TALKING OVER PHONE]
I'm waiting. Yeah,
man, I see you.
I got a fucking flight.
I'll be there in a minute.
All right?
Jesus.
All right, buddy.
[MEOWS]
Fuck.
Fuckin' passport.
Jesus fucking Christ.
[CREAKING]
[♪♪♪♪♪]
Fuck.
[GULPS]
Show yourself!
I'm a security guard.
I kill people every fucking day!
Hey, I'm not scared
of you, buddy.
Don't fuck with me!
Let's fuckin' go!
Dewey. Dewey where
is he? Where is he?
Tell Daddy where he
is, Dewey. [PURRING]
Is he that way?
[GRUNTS, GASPING]
[MOTOR WHIRRING]
[MUFFLED CHOKING]
[THUDDING]
[MOTOR WHIRRING]
[DEWEY MEOWS]
[PURRING]
[KIBBLE RATTLING]
[MOTOR WHIRRING]
[LINE RINGING]
[RINGING ENDS]
[KISSES] Night, Mom.
[♪♪♪♪♪]
[FLIES BUZZING]
[PHONE CHIMES]
CHU [VOICE-OVER]: Our killer
has claimed a second victim.
He's brazen, confident.
He's spent a considerable
amount of time and energy
setting this up, but none
of this works unless he has
a private location where
he's taking the victims.
CHU: He's powering
off his phone
so we can't track
him on the move.
He's taking the picture
and then uploading it
from another location.
We have one bit of physical
evidence that leads us
to Cordage Park.
Effective immediately,
we're searching
every inch of it.
[COMPUTER CLICKS]
[SIGHS]
[PRINTER WHIRRING]
THOMAS: Hey. Oh, hi, Dad.
I was just using your computer.
Oh, it's fine. Listen...
[SIGHS] I've been thinking
a lot about what you said.
You know, after Mom died,
the only thing that I could
do to survive was work.
Because it's all I know.
But work...
doesn't fill the void.
So, when I met Kathleen,
I felt alive again. I was...
willing to just
overlook all flaws
and it might've...
been at your expense.
And I just want to say...
I'm sorry.
Thank you.
Love you, Dad.
Love you.
You find anything?
Yeah. Let's go.
Wait, what is it?
Nothing. Let's just go.
JESSICA: I know this kid.
Lionel. He goes to our school.
He's always the
turkey in the parade.
And I-I know that guy.
He goes to Hanover South.
Evan punched him,
remember? JESSICA: Yeah,
he's the one who
started the riot.
He had the bullhorn.
BOBBY: I think his name is...
Larry? Or Lonnie?
Or-Or something.
And she's probably
a cheerleader.
That's great, Bobby. Thank you.
Yeah.
Hey, w-what is it?
There's one more.
That's Ryan Baker.
He didn't know anyone other
than his roommate, huh?
ERIC: And that's Doug.
The guard that got
crushed to death.
Jessica, did Ryan ever mention
to you that he knew Doug?
Because that certainly
wasn't in his statement.
No.
Yeah.
There may not be anything to it.
Be careful who you
trust. Both of you.
Yeah, don't worry.
I'll take care of Ryan today.
You're not taking
care of anything.
He just said it
could be nothing.
All right, fine, Jess.
If I see Ryan, I'll act
like nothing's weird.
For you.
You should get back to school.
But stay alert.
That's why I won't be
celebrating Thanksgiving
this year or any year.
You're so brave. So brave.
MRS. BYERS: Thank you, Chad.
That was very inspiring.
[CHAD CLEARS THROAT]
Next up...
Mr. Fletcher.
Let's go, Fletcher.
All right.
[CLEARS THROAT]
Um...
the piece that I have written...
uh, is titled "The Wampanoag
and the Native American
Side of Thanksgiving,"
by Evan Fletcher.
"While today Thanksgiving
"is one of our nation's
favorite holidays,
"it has a very different meaning
"for many Native Americans.
"For the Wampanoag,
Thanksgiving is a
day of mourning."
That was beautiful, Evan.
I enjoyed hearing you read it.
As much as I enjoyed
writing it for my blog.
[LAUGHTER]
[SCHOOL BELL RINGS]
[STUDENTS CHATTERING]
I'm gonna kill that
little asswipe.
If it makes you feel any
better, you'll probably
be killed before you get
suspended for plagiarism.
Scuba. Don't even
joke about that.
Yeah, my bad, you're right.
Plagiarism's serious.
[INDISTINCT RADIO TRANSMISSION]
GABY: When did you
talk to him last?
JESSICA: Two days ago.
GABY: Was there a reason?
Yeah, there's a reason.
I never bought Ryan's
Mr. Perfect routine.
Yeah, I mean, how would he
know a random security guard
and why would he
not tell anybody?
I don't know.
Doug just moved here.
He was the new guy.
This guy have any
family in Plymouth?
I think his family's
in Nebraska.
I-I don't believe for
a second it was Ryan.
Doesn't make sense.
He's too nice.
Okay, let's not be naive here.
I mean, the nicest guys
are the most psycho,
they're just better
at hiding it.
[MUTED TALKING]
God, what is wrong with
me? YULIA: It's not you.
SCUBA: Nothing wrong
with you, Jess.
I feel like I can't
trust anybody.
You're probably right.
I mean, us.
It's all we got right now.
And, yes, I am excluding Bobby.
Bobby? Wh...
Bobby would never.
I told you, he was doing great.
No, you told us he told
you he was doing great.
That's different than
he's doing great.
For all we know, he's
not even at school,
and he's driving around in
that tow truck full time.
Wait, hey, hey. Why are we
even talking about them?
It's got to be Mitch. I mean,
he's obsessed with the store,
his wife just died,
and he hates us.
That's right! Yo, that guy's
up to his eyeballs in motive.
And he drives a van:
the official transportation
choice for pedophiles,
kidnappers, rapists,
murderers...
Yep, yep, you're right,
you're right. Scuba.
Like Coach Ingalls says,
the best defense
is a good offense.
Me and you, we go after them,
fuck them up one by
one. Let's go, let's go.
And we'll get some, we'll get
some help from McCarty's store.
Guys. Evan. Babe. This
is not a game, okay?
These are not some Hanover kids.
Can we just let the
police handle it, Ev?
We're in deep shit here.
We let the police handle it,
we're all gonna end up 50% off.
[PHONE RINGING]
GABY: Are you gonna answer it?
No.
[LINE RINGING]
[SIGHS]
[SIGHS HEAVILY]
This fits.
You're on the Right
Mart "Mayflower"?
Yep.
MAN: Next.
[TOOLS WHIRRING, GRINDING]
[INDISTINCT CHATTERING]
Bobby boy.
Forgotten, but not gone.
[SCOFFS] Forgotten?
It feels like I never left.
[RYAN GRUNTS]
You in the parade now?
Yeah, Jess asked me.
Newlon was right, you know.
A lot has changed
since you left.
Ah, maybe not as
much as you think.
What's that supposed to mean?
Oh, no, I just mean that I'm
helping with the parade again.
Hmm.
You know, if you weren't
leaving in a few days,
I would knock your teeth out.
Whoa, leaving?
Buddy...
Who says I'm leaving?
[CHUCKLES]
[TOOL GRINDING]
You fucking pussy.
You fucking want it.
Let's fucking go.
One more. One more! [GRUNTING]
There you fucking go! Nice!
The fuck's going on here?
Come on, Hanover.
We gonna carve up Plymouth
like a turkey tomorrow or what?
Let's go! Harder!
Harder! One more time!
Fuck yeah! Looking
good, cover girl.
Nice. Nice. Nice form,
there. Good shit.
♪ Mysteries of
the days of old ♪
♪ You'll find the key,
you got the gold ♪
Uh, listen, you guys
keep going, okay?
Neil, burpees after this,
all right? You're in charge.
[♪♪♪♪♪]
♪ One, two, three lock box ♪
♪ One, two, three lock box. ♪
[LAUGHTER]
[WHISPERING]: Where
the fuck we are going?
Shh.
Coach has strict
orders, all right?
No sex.
Just a little tease.
[CHUCKLES]
Sit.
What, here?
[CHUCKLES] What?
You're fucking
crazy, you know that?
[LAUGHS]
[SPRINGS SQUEAKING]
Are you ready?
LONNIE: Fucking born ready.
[QUIETLY]: Jesus.
Are you sure?
[MUFFLED GRUNT]
[SPRINGS SQUEAKING]
Here we go!
[SCREAMING]
Fucking cancelled?
What the fuck? Relax.
You can't cancel my game!
You heard the man.
Let's go, Fletcher.
Game's getting rescheduled.
Let's get changed.
Rescheduled until
when? Until when?
June? Someone's missing.
EVAN: I'm gonna be fucking
graduated by then, bro!
Where you going?
I'm gonna go play,
that's what I'm gonna do!
Dude, you can't play
football alone, dumbass.
Watch me!
[SIGHS]
[GUNSHOT] [GASPING]
Blunderbuss!
McCarty, what the
fuck are you doing?
I was just gonna fire it
off if they won the game.
It's just fucking
gunpowder, it's all right.
Sorry, Sheriff. My
kid's a fucking idiot.
He's a fucking goober chucker.
McCARTY'S DAD: Get in the car,
you fucking idiot. God,
I hate those things.
I can't even smell the powder.
First commercial
my dad made me do,
he took it so seriously
he insisted I learn
how to pack it.
He made me do it
over and over again.
Almost blew up in my hand.
Jess, you should go home.
Gaby, maybe go find Evan,
get him out of here.
I heard they found blood.
Yeah.
The people missing
were at the Right Mart.
You stay together, or
at least in pairs, okay?
Okay, yeah. Shit.
I'll go get him. Okay,
I'll meet you inside.
[INDISTINCT RADIO TRANSMISSION]
[♪♪♪♪♪]
Hey, I can leave, you guys.
Oh, no, no, no. Let's
go back together.
Hmm? We'll be right back.
EVAN: Yeah, wait up. Okay.
[BOTH CHUCKLING]
Okay.
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
[PHONE CHIMES]
That's weird.
[EVAN GRUNTING] [GABY GASPING]
[♪♪♪♪♪]
[DOOR OPENS]
Gabs.
Gaby?
[INDISTINCT RADIO TRANSMISSION]
[PHONE CHIMES]
[PHONE WHOOSHES]
[CHIMES]
[GASPING]
[GRUNTS]
[PANTING]
[HEAVY BREATHING]
[SCRAPING]
[HINGES SQUEAKING]
[LIGHTS BUZZING]
[HEAVY BREATHING]
[CLATTERING]
[GASPS]
[♪♪♪♪♪]
Help! Help!
He's in there! Please help!
[ECHOING]: Please help!
[♪♪♪♪♪]
Did you notice
anything about him?
Um...
He was dressed as a pilgrim.
And-and he had a
John Carver mask on.
Okay. Just think. It's
about the details.
Small mistakes,
that's how they get caught.
I'm sorry, I...
I only saw him
for a few seconds.
I'm sorry. It's okay.
It's okay. Don't be sorry.
Okay. Okay, we're
gonna get you home.
You're doing great. Okay.
Thank you. All right.
You guys good? Yeah.
We got to get you
guys home soon, okay?
Get out of here.
SCUBA: Hey, Bobby's coming.
Hey, is she...? Hey.
Are you okay?
Here, here, here.
Thanks.
That's my girlfriend. Jess.
He came right for
me. Did you see him?
Hi. RYAN: You okay?
Yeah. Yeah.
He came after me,
but I got away.
BOBBY [SCOFFS]: Douche.
That's been happening
a lot here recently.
I wonder why.
Okay, you want to tell us
about your little buddy,
the security guard?
I'm sorry, who? Dude,
stop lying to her, man.
Just like how you
lied to the cops.
Going to the corner,
huddled together?
I'm sorry, are you talking
about the security guard
from-from Right Mart? Doug?
We have proof. It's
on video, dude.
RYAN: You are a
fucking idiot, man.
I honestly hope you
make a better pitcher
than you do a detective.
No, I walked off with him
because we were getting addies.
That's why Scott was there.
I was just bro-ing up with him
'cause I needed another hookup.
Adderall? "Adderall?"
Yes, Adderall.
That is what smart kids do,
so we can get into Ivy League
schools, and guys like you
can tow our
Porsches. Get your...
Bitch! Hey, hey, hey.
Yo, what the fuck? Hey,
hey, hey, hey, hey, hey!
Get the fuck off. Ryan!
Get home, both of you.
I didn't... And
stay the fuck away
from the parade tomorrow.
I see either one of
you on the street,
I'm gonna haul you both in.
Jess, I'm not the
bad guy here. Go.
RYAN: He came at
me. This isn't done.
He just, he just
came at me. No. Stop!
Stop!
I can't believe you two.
My friends could be dead,
and you can't put
your bullshit aside?
I don't want to
see either of you.
Okay?
Get out. Jess,
that is not what...
Get out!
Shit. It's my dad.
[DOOR OPENS AND CLOSES]
BORIS: Yulia.
Yulia, come.
I... I...
Papa. [SPEAKS RUSSIAN] Get in.
What are you doing? Pop.
Get in the Mercedes.
[SPEAKS RUSSIAN] Dad!
Just tell me where
we're going. Florida.
He's just taking
her to Florida?
[CAR ENGINE STARTING]
I don't know.
That's about as much
of a conversation
I've ever had with the
guy. [TIRES SCREECHING]
[SCUBA SIGHS]
What?
Evan's right.
The police ain't
doing shit. Let's go.
Where are we going?
["WIZARD COUNCIL"
BY SORCERY PLAYING]
McCARTY: Ladies and gentlemen,
another satisfied customer.
Jacob, get him a T-shirt.
Here you go, buddy.
On the house.
Hey, listen, I just want
to know if it's worth it
before we pay.
I mean, I heard this party
isn't even all that, so...
Listen, kid. [SIGHS]
Sometimes things end up much
better than you'd expect,
all right?
Think of it this way,
when Black Sabbath
fired Ozzy in '79,
you would've figured it
was all fucking over.
The end of an era.
But then, along comes
Ronnie James Dio,
all five foot nothing of
him, the evil little elf,
and he brought a
magic to that band
that they hadn't seen in years.
Who's Black Sabbath?
Get the fuck off my property.
I just want to
know. Who's Black...
Get the fuck off my
property right now.
Go back to Methuen,
you fucking dorks.
Fuck you. No virgins allowed.
McCARTY: Cocksucker.
Jacob. VIP. Upstairs. Now.
All right.
♪ Will he survive, will he
survive, will he survive ♪
♪ Will he survive the sword? ♪
[RETCHING]
Watch out, this kid's
been here for two days.
Drank too much white zinfandel.
[MUSIC MUFFLED IN DISTANCE]
Welcome to the Death Star.
This is where the magic happens.
Jacob, VIP's
closed. JACOB: Yeah.
McCARTY: You're
on door patrol.
You get caught with any of
this shit, you're on your own.
Jesus, Scuba. What about this?
That's mainly for taking
down angry grizzlies
in the Alaskan wilderness
or brain-eating zombies
in a post-apocalyptic America.
All right.
Let me show you something
far more reasonable.
[SIGHS]
.44 Magnum. A classic.
Plus, you get bonus
points if you make
a Dirty Harry-style
comment when you blast him.
Mc-McCarty, do you have
any human-sized guns?
Maybe.
[GRUNTS]
All right.
The SIG 226.
It's a short recoil-operated,
locked breech pistol.
[GUN CLICKS] Decent
stopping power.
You'll want to use this.
Keep the safety on,
unless you want to
blow your nuts off.
What about you, Right Mart?
Uh, I fired a musket
once. It almost killed me.
[CHUCKLING] Yeah, those
things are fucked.
Let me show you something.
Check this out.
Element of surprise, huh?
Pull it out of your belt
and you stick 'em
right in the gut.
We got all sorts
of tactical shit.
It's yours if you want it.
Um, I'm-I'm good.
Scuba will be with me,
and he's armed, so...
All right.
McCarty, I owe you one.
Yeah. Anytime.
All right. Thanks.
Yeah.
Scuba. Jess.
Be careful out there, huh?
Keep yourself alive long
enough to return that thing.
YULIA [OVER PHONE]: I
don't know what you think
you're gonna do with a gun.
It's for protection, baby.
You've never even
held one before.
You've never seen one before.
If you really want
someone to come and help,
I'm sure my dad can, like,
call the sheriff's department
and send a cop over.
There's one here right now.
SCUBA [OVER PHONE]:
Hey, can I come by?
Um, okay, I'm packing right now
'cause I'm going to
Florida, apparently, so...
Okay, I don't know
when I'll be back,
but I'm a little stressed, okay?
I'll call you back later.
SCUBA: Okay. Call
me from the car.
[SIGHS] Geez.
For you. Enjoy.
Thank you. You sure?
Eat it. We are
going to Florida.
Appreciate it.
When's the, uh,
the remodel done?
BORIS: Never.
[SILENCED GUNSHOT]
[BODY THUDS]
[THUDDING]
Dad?
[ECHOING]: Dad!
[GASPS]
Jesus, Dad.
[OPERA MUSIC OVER
HEADPHONES] What the hell?
Car is coming. Finish.
Okay. Trying to.
Fucking contact. [SIGHS]
What the hell?
Yulia!
[SILENCED GUNSHOT] [GRUNTS]
Dad, I'm coming.
[PHONE RINGING]
Jesus, what now?
Hey, baby.
SCUBA [OVER PHONE]:
Hey, what's up?
My dad's, like, freaking
out at me right now.
We have to leave in,
like, five minutes.
SCUBA: Okay, yeah,
yeah, no problem, uh...
Okay. Well, I'll call
you from the car.
I love you. [GASPS]
[SCREAMING]
SCUBA: Fuck! Fuck!
JESSICA: Scuba, go! SCUBA: No!
JESSICA: Yulia!
No! Fuck no! Yulia!
SCUBA: No, no, no,
no, no, no, no!
JESSICA: No! SCUBA: No! Fuck!
Yulia! Fuck!
[TIRES SCREECHING]
[HORNS HONKING]
[SCREAMS, GRUNTS]
[HIGH-PITCHED RINGING]
[AUDIO MUFFLED]
[MUFFLED WHIMPERING]
YULIA: Dad! Dad!
[CRYING]
[NORMAL VOLUME]: No,
no, no. No, no, no.
No, no! [SCREAMING]
[SCREAMING ECHOES]
Yulia! Yulia! Yulia!
Oh, fuck. Yulia!
YULIA: Scuba! Hurry
up! Hurry! Yulia!
YULIA: Scuba!
Yulia! Yulia!
[WHIMPERING, CRYING]
Scuba, help me.
Let her fucking go. Scuba,
wait, wait, wait, wait.
Let her fucking go, or I'll
blow your fucking head off!
He has Gaby and Evan.
They're alive. Fuck.
What do I do, Jess?
Where are they?
Please, Scuba, please.
Jess, what do I do?
I don't know! I don't know!
Listen, let her fucking go.
Shoot him. Shoot
him, please, please.
Let her fucking
go! Scuba! Scuba.
Stop! Shoot him!
Shoot him now!
Scuba. Scuba, the safety.
Take off the
safety. SCUBA: Fuck!
[SCREAMING]
[JESSICA CRIES OUT]
[GASPING]
[LIQUID DRIPPING]
What do I... what
do I do, Jess?
[JESSICA HYPERVENTILATING]
Jess, what do I do?
THOMAS [MUFFLED]: It
doesn't seem real. I mean,
I-I can't even believe
this is really happening.
How does this happen
in a place like this?
I mean, is there any...
Like, what are they...
What do you do?
Somebody need to call SWAT?
I mean, have you ever?
KATHLEEN [MUFFLED]: I
mean, maybe we should move.
I-I don't want to move.
I love this house.
THOMAS: We're not moving. It's
not even a possibility to move.
[STAMMERS] They're not gonna
let me... I-I just need...
I just need... Give me
a couple of seconds.
[NORMAL VOLUME]: I just
think we're all in agreement
that we're not gonna be
participating in the parade.
I'm with you, Thomas.
Well, I know I'm not
going. It's too dangerous.
And it's not dangerous
for Gaby and Evan?
You saw what he did to Yulia.
I can't let that
happen to them.
We have to stop him.
This parade is our
chance to catch him.
If we hide, then what?
I don't want to spend
the rest of my life
looking over my
shoulder. Do you?
You're right, Jess.
I'm in. Let's do
this. KATHLEEN: Look.
Right Mart has extra security,
so we don't have to worry
about the store. Okay?
And as far as I'm concerned,
the parade has been decided.
God, I do not want to be
dragged into this any further.
I mean, if you hadn't even gone
into the store, this
would've never happened.
Enough, Kathleen.
Don't you mean you?
You're the one who
wanted to open the store.
Nobody was
"Nostra-fucking-damus"
to predict what
happened last year.
Besides, this year,
I'm closing the store.
Thanksgiving's a
holiday, even for us.
Wait, honey, what?
Kathleen, it's the
right thing to do.
I made the decision.
It's final.
Sheriff, is there a
way to set a trap?
ERIC: Well...
when the float returns
to the warehouse,
we can make it look
like it's empty.
Make him think there's
an opportunity to strike.
LABELLE: And if
he takes the bait,
it'll be over right
there and then.
KATHLEEN: The bait?
Excuse me, I don't want
us being used as bait.
We don't finish it now, we'll
be bait no matter where we go.
My daughter's right.
[SIGHS]
Tomorrow, John Carver
is gonna go down.
[BAND PLAYING]
MAN: All right,
Lionel, turkey time.
[GROANS]
[BAND CONTINUES PLAYING]
Here we go.
[♪♪♪♪♪]
[SIGHS]
ERIC: I want two people up
here to keep an eye on that.
Over here as well. See
this whole section?
Keep an eye on that
for me, will you? Hey.
Hey. Okay, when
you get back here,
this place is gonna look empty,
but I'm gonna be here,
and this whole place
will be crawling
with officers, okay?
Yup. Thank you,
Sheriff. You're welcome.
Hi.
Thank you for coming. Mm.
You ready?
No. Good.
Me neither. Let's do this.
Okay.
Hey, Jess.
Uh...
What's this?
Oh, it's my dad's
ring from Iraq.
He said it kept him alive.
Uh, i-if you want,
wear it for good luck.
Thank you. You're welcome.
[BAND PLAYING "LIBERTY
BELL"] [CROWD CHEERING]
LIONEL: Happy Thanksgiving!
[CROWD CHEERING]
[BELL CLANGING]
Hi.
[HORN HONKS]
[ELECTRIC GUITAR RIFF PLAYING]
Pilgrims!
Happy Thanksgiving!
[MUSIC FADES]
[WOMAN SCREAMS]
[CROWD CHEERING]
[♪♪♪♪♪]
Down with Right
Mart! [TIRES SCREECH]
Down with Right Mart!
What's going on?
What the hell is
going on down there?
It's Mitch.
Get off the parade
route. Get off!
Get off! Move along.
Come on, come on.
It's nothing. Okay.
[WOMAN SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY]
[HORN HONKS] [CROWD CHEERING]
[BAND RESUMES PLAYING
"LIBERTY BELL"]
[BELL CLANGING]
LIONEL: Happy Thanksgiving.
You have a great day.
Happy Thanksgiving!
[♪♪♪♪♪]
Happy Thanksgiv...
[CROWD SCREAMING]
[AIR BRAKES HISSING]
[PANICKED SCREAMING]
Grandpa, Grandpa, watch out!
Stop the truck! [HORN HONKING]
SCUBA: Watch out!
[SCREAMING]
[JESSICA SCREAMS]
[GRUNTS]
Come on. LABELLE: Go, go.
Go.
Wake up! Grandpa! Wake up!
Grandpa, wake up! Wake up!
Grandpa, wake up!
Grandpa! Wake up! Wake up!
[KATHLEEN WHIMPERING]
Come on, get in, get in,
get in, get in, get in!
Get in! Go, go, go, go, go!
In, in, in, in, in! Oh, shit.
Get us out of here.
[SILENCED GUNSHOT]
[GROANS]
[♪♪♪♪♪]
[METALLIC CLATTERING]
Cover your ears. [SCREAMS]
[SILENCED GUNSHOTS]
[GASPING]
[SIREN WAILING]
["THE HOUSE IS HAUNTED" BY
DENNY DENNIS, ROY FOX PLAYING]
[KNIFE CHOPPING]
[GASPS SOFTLY]
[SIGHS SOFTLY]
[MUSIC CONTINUES FAINTLY]
[♪♪♪♪♪]
[SIZZLING] [BURNER TICKS]
[POTS CLATTERING]
♪ The house is haunted by the
echo of your last goodbye ♪
memories that refuse to die ♪
♪ I can't get away from
the vision that brings ♪
♪ Intimate glimpses
of intimate things ♪
♪ A voice in my heart like
a torch singer sings ♪
♪ I wonder who is
kissing her now ♪
[FLAME WHOOSHES]
[SONG CONTINUES
LOW, INDISTINCTLY]
[SIZZLING]
♪ ...cluttered up with roses
that have lived too long ♪
♪ Much too long... ♪
[♪♪♪♪♪]
[LIQUID BUBBLING]
[FLOORBOARD CREAKS]
[♪♪♪♪♪]
[BREATHING SHAKILY]
[WHIMPERING SOFTLY]
[FLOORBOARDS CREAKING]
[BREATH TREMBLING]
[SHAKY PANTING]
[GASPS QUIETLY]
[♪♪♪♪♪]
[THUDS]
[TIMER RINGING]
[RINGING STOPS]
[♪♪♪♪♪]
[LIGHT TAPPING]
[SHAKY PANTING]
[FLOORBOARDS CREAKING]
[GASPS]
[♪♪♪♪♪]
[GRUNTING, WHIMPERING]
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
[GASPS]
[GASPING]
[QUIETLY]: Shh. He's
right there. He's right...
He's coming. He's right there.
[STAMMERS] Please be quiet.
Shh. Please. I'll
be right back. No.
Don't leave. I'll come
back. I'll come back.
[WHIMPERING] Be
quiet. Be quiet. Shh.
[CRYING]: Don't
leave. I'll come back.
Don't leave. No.
[♪♪♪♪♪]
[SLOW, HEAVY FOOTSTEPS]
[DOOR CLOSES]
[GASPS, SCREAMS]
[SCREAMING]
[GROANS]
No. No! No!
[SCREAMING]
Help me! Let me out!
[WHIMPERS]
No.
No, no, no.
No. No!
[CRYING]: No! No.
[SIZZLES] No!
[WHIMPERING, SCREAMING]
[GASPS, SIGHS]
Help me. Please don't
kill me, please.
Please!
Open the door! Open the...
Please, please don't
do this. Please.
Please, I'm begging you, please!
No!
[SCREAMING]
[GASPING, WHIMPERING]
No. No! No! No! Please.
No!
[CRYING]: No, please!
[MUFFLED SCREAMING]
No! Please!
No... No!
[SCREAMING]
No! No! [STEAM HISSING]
[SCREAMS]
[GASPING, WHIMPERING]
[RAGGED EXHALE]
I'm live outside the
Plymouth Sheriff's Department
where outraged citizens
are demanding answers
after a performer was
murdered in broad daylight
at the Thanksgiving Day Parade.
Flash grenades, smoke bombs.
I think he's ex-military.
Could be.
There's no way he's
in a civilian car.
Yeah.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
I-I got something.
What do you got?
CHU: He's live streaming from
somewhere in Cordage Park.
What the fuck is that?
Labelle, let's go.
I'll try to lock the
coordinates in. Calling SWAT.
I need SWAT and all units at
Cordage Park, immediately.
[SIRENS WAILING]
[TIRES SQUEAL]
[OFFICERS SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY]
There's nothing here.
We're in a parking lot.
CHU: It's telling me
you're in the exact spot.
I'm telling you,
there's fuck all here.
OFFICER: I don't see nothing.
OFFICER 2: This way. Fuck!
Are there tunnels underneath us?
[♪♪♪♪♪]
ERIC: We'll each take an exit.
Labelle, you take Water
Street and Mayflower.
I'll take Green and Union.
You guys take Doten Street.
SWAT's gonna flush
him out. Got it?
Okay? Let's go.
[ECHOING]: You'll be okay.
It's gonna be okay.
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
[ECHOING CRYING]
[BREATHING SHAKILY]
SWAT AGENT: Go, go,
go! Take it down!
SWAT AGENT 2: On three. Ready?
Two lines, two columns.
SWAT AGENT 3: Copy.
SWAT AGENT 1: Go,
go. Cover my six.
SWAT AGENT 2: Copy that.
[INDISTINCT CHATTER OVER RADIO]
SWAT AGENT 3: Closing
in on the signal.
SWAT AGENT 1: Go, go, go!
SWAT AGENT 3:
Break it in. Copy.
[GASPS, BREATHING SHAKILY]
[MUFFLED CRYING]
CHU [OVER RADIO]:
Did you find them?
Give me a sitrep.
[WHIMPERING, CRYING
OVER SPEAKER]
SWAT AGENT 2: What the fuck?
SWAT MEMBER [OVER SPEAKER]:
It's a fucking monitor.
Damn.
[PANTING, WHIMPERING
ON COMPUTER]
He's using a new cell.
MAN [ALTERED VOICE]:
Gather 'round.
No, no, no. No.
Gather 'round the
table, everyone.
[JESSICA PANTING]
Dinner is served.
[SCREAMS]
[GASPING]
[CRYING]
[ALL CRYING, WHIMPERING]
Goddamn.
What the fuck is that?
What the fuck?
MAN: Now, is that any
way to thank Kathleen?
She's been cooking all day.
[OTHERS GASPING, CRYING]
[MUFFLED RETCHING]
Let's start off the
dinner with a cheer
from our cheerleader.
[OTHERS SHOUTING, CRYING]
[POPPING]
Fresh from my wine refrigerator.
She'll pair nicely
with Kathleen.
GABY [CRYING]: I'm
scared. I'm scared.
MAN: You might want
to let that breathe.
[PANTING]
[GABY WHIMPERING]
So nice to all be together
again on Thanksgiving.
And joining us... Dad!
Our guest of honor,
Thomas Wright,
who missed last year's fun
sitting in his mansion.
Hmm. [CRYING]
Now...
we're all going to
go around the table
and say what we're thankful for.
You're on live, so
choose your words wisely.
Evan.
GABY: No, no, no,
no, no. No, Ev.
Most appropriate
that you go first.
You see, it was your video
that inspired me to make my own.
JESSICA: Okay.
[WHIMPERING]
[GASPING] SCUBA
[MUFFLED]: Evan!
No.
Help! Help!
We're-we're in an old
house! Let him go!
Let him go!
[OVERLAPPING SHOUTING]
MAN: So get ready,
Evan. No, no, no, no.
You're about to go viral.
Please don't kill me...
You're going to
break the Internet.
Let him go! No!
[ALL SCREAMING]
No one appreciates
subtlety anymore.
To go viral,
you really need to hit
people over the head.
Right, Evan?
[SCREAMING, CRYING]
Mm.
Look at all those likes.
Congratulations, Evan.
You're a star.
Now that I have
your attention...
you're probably wondering
why you're still alive
and they were all killed.
They were just greedy.
But you...
you're the VIPs.
It wasn't enough to
get in the store early.
You had to taunt
everyone outside
to show them how
special you were.
Well, once this
video goes viral,
everyone will know
how special you are.
Too bad you won't
be alive to see it.
This will be the most
famous Thanksgiving dinner
since 1621.
[THOMAS CRYING]
And every year, people
will watch this video...
and think of your greed
and the people who died from it.
Now, let's eat.
[MUFFLED CRYING] Thomas.
You love your consumers.
Well, tonight's your
night to be one.
[BREATHING SHAKILY]
Take a bite of your lovely wife
and show me how
thankful you are.
[WHIMPERING]
Show me that you're thankful...
or die.
[GRUNTING]
SCUBA: Oh, fuck!
Go, go, go!
THOMAS: Run! Go!
GABY: Go, go, go! Run! Run!
JESSICA: This way!
Oh, fuck!
JESSICA: Watch out!
Scuba! [GRUNTING, PANTING]
Scuba, this way, this way, go.
[GRUNTS]
It's the Carver
House. The door, door.
Jess, go, go, go.
[GRUNTS]
[SCREAMING]
[♪♪♪♪♪]
[GRUNTS] [CRACKING]
[PANTING]
[PANTING, WHIMPERING]
[CLANGING IN DISTANCE]
[♪♪♪♪♪]
[PANTING]
Sheriff?
[GASPS]
[PANTING]: Sheriff.
[DOOR CLOSES]
[♪♪♪♪♪]
[BREATHING SHAKILY]
[PANTING]
[GASPING]
[GASPS] [WHISPERS]: It's me.
Give me the gun.
[SHUSHING] [QUIETLY]:
It's Bobby.
[BREATHING HEAVILY]:
It's Bobby. It's Bobby.
He went that way. Okay,
get outside, get outside.
Get outside. Just get out.
Come on. He went that way.
[BREATHING SHAKILY]
[GUNSHOTS] [GASPS]
No. No.
He's in there. No.
I think I shot him.
No. Then I lost him.
[SIREN WAILING]
OFFICER: All clear here.
OFFICER 2: Check over there.
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
[INDISTINCT RADIO TRANSMISSION]
Oh, sir. Detective
Chu says you need
to turn in your service
weapon since it's been fired.
Right, right. Yeah,
of course. Sorry, pal.
No, don't worry about
it. I understand.
[♪♪♪♪♪]
[EXHALES AND INHALES SHARPLY]
Sheriff,
we, uh, found this on the floor.
Still logged into the
John Carver account.
Thanks, Pete.
It's Bobby's.
We have every police officer
in a hundred-mile radius
searching for him.
They, uh...
They had to sedate your
father pretty heavily.
He'll be in the hospital a few
days, along with your friends
Gaby and Scuba.
I'm... sorry about
Kathleen and Evan.
[JESSICA CRIES QUIETLY]
Labelle.
ERIC: Chu, see you
at the hospital.
We'll be there in a minute.
CHU: See you there.
LABELLE: We'll see
you there, Sheriff.
[CRYING SOFTLY]
You're really brave, you know.
Thank you.
Couldn't have done
this without you.
[SIGHS] Can you just
give me a minute
to catch my breath, and
then... and then we can go?
Yeah, sure.
I'll be right back.
[SIGHS] [FOOTSTEPS RETREATING]
[DISTANT TRAIN WHISTLE BLOWING]
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING]
You ready?
ERIC [VOICE-OVER]:
It's about the details.
Small mistakes, that's
how they get caught.
I could really use
your help, Jessica.
[VOICE-OVER]: Couldn't
have done this without you.
But you got to be
careful who you trust.
[INHALES SHARPLY]
Jess, you okay?
S-Sorry.
Um...
I'm-I'm not feeling well.
We'll have a doctor
check you out.
Come on.
If only you'd be stuck on
the fence a second longer.
[LOCK CLICKS]
[CLATTERING]
It's like fumbling
on the one-yard line.
[CHUCKLES]
It's almost funny if you
really think about it.
[CLATTERING]
[PANTING]
You should see the look
of surprise on your face.
[WHIMPERING]
What about Bobby?
Bobby?
I had him drugged, dressed up,
ready to be shot,
putting an end to the mystery
of John Carver's identity.
But when I opened the trunk,
he popped me with a tire iron.
Thankfully,
you pointed me in the
right direction...
again.
You've been using
me... this whole time?
When I said, I couldn't
do this without your help,
I really meant it.
Why?
Why... are you doing this?
Mm.
Mitch wasn't the only one
who lost someone that night.
My wife left me, and Amanda
put me back together.
I loved her.
[VOICE-OVER]: She was
gonna leave Mitch.
But then, you and your
friends took her from me.
You took my family from me.
So now, instead of spending
Thanksgiving with Amanda,
I am stuck here in this office.
And now, so are you.
I'd love to keep chatting,
but now, I got to take
care of some loose ends.
Wait.
I-I didn't get to tell you
what I was thankful for.
What are you thankful for?
[BREATHING SHAKILY]
The service in here.
You should see the look
of surprise on your face.
You fucking bitch.
[ERIC GRUNTS] [JESSICA GROANS]
[JESSICA PANTING]
[GRUNTS]
Jess. [PANTING]
Hey. Come on. Bobby?
Let's get the fuck out of here.
Hey, come on, come
on. Oh, wait. Wait.
Aw, fuck.
JESSICA: Look.
Your uncle's truck.
ERIC: Jessica?! JESSICA: Shh.
Shh. Get down.
[JESSICA GASPS]
[PANTS SOFTLY]
Sorry, Jessica.
This year, there will be...
no... leftovers!
[♪♪♪♪♪]
When I told your stepmother,
she would make an
excellent dinner...
that... was not...
a lie!
[CAN CLATTERING ON FLOOR]
Go.
This way. Come on. Come on.
[GAS HISSING]
[MATERIAL SQUEAKING]
[JESSICA PANTING]
[WHIMPERING]
[GROANS, WHIMPERS]
[HISSING CONTINUES]
[ENGINE REVVING,
TIRES SQUEALING]
[WHIMPERING]
Oh.
[ENGINE STARTER WHIRRING]
[METALLIC CLINKING, RATTLING]
[JESSICA GASPS,
WHIMPERS] [ERIC CACKLING]
[GRUNTING]
[JESSICA WHIMPERS, ERIC GRUNTS]
Bobby?! [ENGINE BACKFIRES]
[ERIC GRUNTING]
[JESSICA GROANING]
Bobby!
[ERIC GRUNTS] [BOBBY GRUNTS]
[GRUNTS] No!
[GROANS]
[ENGINE REVVING]
[TIRES SQUEALING]
[CABLE LATCHES]
[PANTING] Bobby, go! Come
on, come on, come on.
BOBBY: It's the...
it's the cable.
I'm trying to drive.
It's not moving.
[AXE SCRAPING ALONG METAL CABLE]
[ENGINE REVVING]
[METALLIC SCRAPING]
[TIRES SQUEALING]
[ENGINE CONTINUES REVVING]
[GAS HISSING]
JESSICA: Hey, Sheriff,
you were right!
No... leftovers!
ERIC [YELLING]: Jessica!
[YELLING CONTINUES]
[YELLING FADES]
[SIREN WAILING]
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
DISPATCHER: Roger on unit 121.
[♪♪♪♪♪]
Come here.
Take care of yourself.
I'll call you from school.
Be safe. Yeah.
Tell Ryan he's still a dick,
even if he's not the killer.
[JESSICA SIGHS
HEAVILY] Oh, Jess.
[SIREN CHIRPS]
Hey.
I thought you guys
were at the hospital.
We technically still are.
We saw the stream.
Detective. We searched
every inch of that place.
Everything was incinerated.
There's nothing but ash.
No one could survive
a blast like that.
[♪♪♪♪♪]
[DOOR CREAKING]
[CREAKING]
[RYAN INHALES SHARPLY]
You okay?
Sorry.
[MUFFLED SCREAMING]
[ERIC GRUNTING]
[♪♪♪♪♪]
["WHERE EAGLES DARE"
BY THE MISFITS PLAYING]
♪ We walk the
streets at night ♪
♪ We go where eagles dare ♪
♪ They pick up every movement ♪
♪ They pick up every loser ♪
♪ With jaded eyes
and features ♪
♪ You think they really care ♪
♪ I ain't no goddamn
son of a bitch ♪
♪ You better think
about it, baby ♪
♪ I ain't no goddamn
son of a bitch ♪
♪ You better think
about it, baby, babe ♪
♪ An omelet of disease
awaits your noontime meal ♪
♪ Her mouth of germicide
seducing all your glands ♪
♪ I ain't no goddamn
son of a bitch ♪
♪ You better think
about it, baby ♪
♪ I ain't no goddamn
son of a bitch ♪
♪ You better think
about it, baby, baby ♪
[♪♪♪♪♪]
♪ With jaded eyes
and features ♪
♪ You think they really care ♪
♪ Let's go where eagles dare,
we'll go where eagles dare ♪
♪ I ain't no goddamn
son of a bitch ♪
♪ You better think
about it, baby ♪
♪ I ain't no goddamn
son of a bitch ♪
♪ You better think
about it, baby ♪
♪ I ain't no goddamn
son of a bitch ♪
♪ You better think about
it, baby, bae, bae, bae. ♪
[SONG ENDS]
[♪♪♪♪♪]
Love you, Dad. Love you.
[LAUGHTER] MAN: Cut.
[TURKEY GOBBLING]